feat(curriculum): add block 2 dialogs and tasks of the B1 course of the English Curriculum (#57471)
freeCodeCamp/freeCodeCamp: curriculum/challenges/english/24-b1-english-for-developers/learn-how-to-talk-about-past-experiences/6705425a4b3df216cb6de9a7.md

---
id: 6705425a4b3df216cb6de9a7
title: Task 17
challengeType: 19
dashedName: task-17
---

<!-- (Audio) James: That's when I noticed something odd. -->

<!-- SPEAKING -->

# --instructions--

Listen to the audio and answer the question below.

# --questions--

## --text--

How could Lisa ask **in a short way** about James's discovery in the error logs?

## --answers--

`What was the odd thing that you found when you were reviewing the error logs?`

### --feedback--

Even though this is exactly what she wants to know, it is not a short question.

---

`What was it?`

## --video-solution--

2

# --explanation--

James talks about `something odd`. Lisa asks him to identify what this odd thing (`it`) was by asking `What was it?`. `Was` is used because it is a singular thing (`something odd`) and it was found in the past, when James reviewed the error logs.

> Remember that, in questions, you normally invert verb and subject, so `it was` becomes `was it`. Examples:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Remember that, in questions, you normally invert verb and subject, so `it was` becomes `was it`. For example:
```
